A company that focuses on hiring the best personnel and then trains them not just for the work they are hired to do but for higher-level jobs is likely to earn the loyalty of its employees.	A company is likely to earn the loyalty of its employees when it focuses on hiring the best personnel and then trains them not just for the work they are hired to do but for higher-level jobs.
Despite the critical panning of the show’s latest season the love of the loyal fans was not affected	Although critics panned the show's latest season, loyal fans still loved it.
Our more effective presentation of our study resulted in our success, despite an earlier start by others.	Although others started earlier, we succeeded because we presented our study more effectively.
How to calculate credits for classes takin in a communicty college is another issue that we must consider.	Another issue that we must consider is how to calculate credits for classes takin in a community college.
Because of the student's preparation for the exam was thorough, none of the questions on it were a surprise.	Because the student prepared thoroughly for the exam, she was not surprised by any of the questions in it.
Our lack of data prevented evaluation of UN actions in targeting funds to areas most in need of assistance.	Because we lacked data, we could not evaluate whether the UN had targeted funds to areas that most needed assistance.
There were predictions by business executives that the economy would experience a quick revival.	Business executives predicted that the economy would quickly revive.
Attempts by economists at defining full employment have been met with failure.	Economists have attempted but failed to define full employment.
Since most undergraduate students change their major fields of study at least once during their college careers, first-year students who are not certain about the program of studies they want to pursue should not load up their schedules to meet requirements for a particular program	First-year should not load up their schedules with requirements for a particular program if they are not certain about the program of studies they want to pursue, because most change their major fields of study at least once during their college careers.
The fact that she admitted guilt impressed me.	Her admission of guilt impressed me.
The fact that she strenuously objected impressed me.	Her strenuous objections impressed me.
I accepted what she requested.	I accepted her request.
A decision was made in favor of doing a study of the disagreements.	I decided that you should study why he disagreed.
I do not know what she intends.	I do not know her intentions.
My suggestion is that our discussion of the issue be done with care.	I suggest that we discuss the issue carefully.
Research strategies that look for more than one variable are of more use in understanding factors in psychiatric disorder than strategies based on the assumption that the presence of psychopathology is dependent on single gene or on strategies in which only one biological variable is studied.	If researchers are to understand what causes psychiatric disorder, they should use research strategies that look for more than one variable rather than assume that a single gene is responsible for a psychopathology or adopt a strategy in which they study only one biological variable.
We must develop, if we are to become competitive with other companies in our region, a core of knowledge regarding the state of the art in effective industrial organizations.	If we are to compete with other companies in our region, we must develop a core of knowledge about the state of the art in effective industrial organizations.
A revision of the program will result in increases in our efficiency in the servicing of clients.	If we revise the program, we can serve clients more efficiently.
In recent years, the appearance of new interpretations about the meaning of the discovery of America has led to a reassessment of Columbus's place in Western history.	In recent years, historians have interpreted the discovery of America in new ways, leading them to reassess the place of Columbus in Western history.
Lincoln's hope was for the preservation of the Union without war, but the South's attack on Fort Sumter made war an inevitability.	Lincoln hoped to preserve the Union without war, but when the South attacked Fort Sumter, war became inevitable.
The automation of manufacturing, assembly, and shipping processes by corporations means the loss of jobs for many blue-collar workers.	Many blue-collar workers are losing their jobs because corporations are automating their manufacturing, assembly, and shipping processes.
There is opposition among many voters to nuclear power plants based on a belief in their threat to human health.	Many voters oppose nuclear power plants because they believe that such plants threaten human health.
A decision about forcibly administering medication in an emergency room setting despite the inability of an irrational patient to provide legal consent is usually an on-scene medical decision.	Medical professionals usually decide on-scene whether to forcibly medicate patients who are unable to legally consent.
Medieval theological debates often addressed issues considered trivial by modern philosophical thought.	Medieval theologians often debated issues that modern philosophers considered trivial.
Once upon a time, as a walk through the woods was taking place on the part of Little Red Riding Hood, the Wolf's jump out from behind a tree occurred, causing her fright.	Once upon a time, Little Red Riding Hood was walking through woods, when the Wolf jumped out from behind a tree and frightened her.
Attempts at explaining increases in voter participation in this year's elections were made by several candidates.	Several candidates attempted to explain why more voters participated in this year’s elections.
The fact that she admitted guilt impressed me.	She impressed me when she admitted her guilt.
Her request for assistance came after the deadline.	She requested assistance after the deadline.
And therefore, it is important to note that, in Eastern states since 1980, acid rain has become a serious problem.	Since 1980,  therefore, acid rain has become a serious problem in the Eastern states.
Some scientists, because they write in a style that is impersonal and abstract, do not easily communicate with laypeople.	Since some scientists write in a style that is impersonal and abstract, they do not easily communicate with laypeople.
There has been speculation by educators about the role of the family in improving educational achievement.	Some educators have speculated about whether families can improve educational achievement.
There is a belief among some researchers that consumers' choices in fast food restaurants are healthier because there are postings of nutrition information in menus.	Some researchers believe that consumers are choosing healthier foods because fast food restaurants are posting nutrition information in their menus.
Some scientists, because they write in a style that is impersonal and abstract, do not easily communicate with laypeople.	Some scientists do not easily communicate with laypeople because they write in a style that is impersonal and abstract.
The agency conducted an investigation into the matter.	The agency investigated the matter.
There was no independent business-sector study of the cause of the sudden increase in the trade surplus.	The business sector did not independently study why the trade surplus suddenly increased.
The intention of the committee is to audit the records.	The committee intends to audit the records.
The intention of the committee is to improve morale.	The committee intends to improve morale.
The company’s understanding of the drivers of its profitability in the Asian market for small electronics helped it pursue opportunities in Africa.	The company wasable to pursue opportunities in Africa because it understood what drove profitability in the Asian market for small electronics.
There was an affirmative decision for expansion.	The director decided to expand the program.
The design of the new roller coaster was more of a struggle for the engineers than had been their expectations.	The engineers struggled more than they expected when designing the new roller coaster.
The EPA had fears that the president would send a recommendation to Congress that it make a reduction in its budget.	The EPA feared the president would recommend to Congress that it reduce its budget.
The fear of the EPA was that a recommendation from the president to Congress would be for a reduction in its budget.	The EPA feared the president would recommend to Congress that it reduce its budget.
The Federalists' argument in regard to the destabilization of government by popular democracy was based on their belief in the tendency of factions to further their self interest at the expense of the common good.	The Federalists argued that popular democracy destabilized government, because they believed that factions tended to further their self-interest at the expense of the common good.
Growth in the market for electronic books is driven by the frequent preference among customers for their convenience and portability.	The market for electronic books has grown because customers frequently prefer their convenience and portability.
The voters reelected the president with 54% of the vote.	The president was reelected with 54% of the vote.
The decision by the dean in regard to the funding of the program by the department is necessary for adequate staff preparation.	The staff can prepare adequately, only after the dean decides whether the department will fund the program.
Research demonstrating the soundness of our reasoning and the need for action supported this decision.	This decision was supported by research demonstrating the soundness of our reasoning and the need for action.
Research strategies that look for more than one variable are of more use in understanding factors in psychiatric disorder than strategies based on the assumption that the presence of psychopathology is dependent on single gene or on strategies in which only one biological variable is studied.	To understand what causes psychiatric disorders, studies should look for more than one variable rather than adopt a strategy in which they test only one biological variable or assume that a single gene is responsible for a psychopathology.
Research strategies that look for more than one variable are of more use in understanding factors in psychiatric disorder than strategies based on the assumption that the presence of psychopathology is dependent on single gene or on strategies in which only one biological variable is studied.	To understand what makes patients vulnerable to psychiatric disorders, strategies that look for more than one variable should be used rather than strategies in which a gene is assumed to cause psychopathology or only one biological variable is studied
A decision was made in favor of doing a study of the disagreements.	We decided that I should study why they disagreed.
There is a demand for a repeal of the inheritance tax.	We demand that Congress repeal the inheritance tax.
The problem was the topic of our discussion.	We discussed the problem.
We discussed the board candidate review meeting schedule.	We discussed the schedule of meetings to review candidates for the board.
Our loss in sales was a result of their expansion of outlets.	We lost sales because they expanded outlets.
The terms of the analysis must be defined.	We must define the terms of the analysis.
We must develop, if we are to become competitive with other companies in our region, a core of knowledge regarding the state of the art in effective industrial organizations.	We must develop a core of knowledge about the state of the art in effective industrial organizations if we are to compete with other companies in our region.
There is no need for our further study of this problem.	We need not study this problem further.
Our request is that you do a review of the data.	We request that you review the data.
We did a review of the evolution of the brain.	We reviewed how the brain evolved.
We did a review of the evolution of the brain.	We reviewed the evolution of the brain.
Contradictions among the data require an explanation.	We were required to explain the contradictions among the data.
A company that focuses on hiring the best personnel and then trains them not just for the work they are hired to do but for higher-level jobs is likely to earn the loyalty of its employees.	When a company focuses on hiring the best personnel and then trains them not just for the work they are hired to do but for higher-level jobs, it is likely to earn the loyalty of its employees.
Governmental intervention in fast-changing technologies has led to the distortion of market evolution and interference in new product development.	When a government intervenes in fast-changing technologies, it distorts how markets evolve and interferes with their ability to develop new products.
A nominalization is a replacement of a verb by a noun, often resulting in displacement of characters from subjects by nouns.	When a nominalization replaces a verb with a noun, it often displaces characters from subjects.
The loss of market share to Japan by domestic automakers resulted in the disappearance of hundreds of thousands of jobs.	When domestik automakers lost market share to the Japanese, hundreds of thousands of jobs disappeared.
Decisions in regard to administration of medication despite inability of irrational patients appearing in a Trauma Center to provide legal consent rest with the attending physician alone.	When patients appear in a Trauma Center and behave so irrationally that they cannot legally consent to treatment, only the attending physician can decide whether to medicate them.
The president's veto of the bill infuriated Congress.	When the president vetoed the bill, he infuriated Congress.
The veto of the bill by the president infuriated Congress.	When the president vetoed the bill, he infuriated Congress.
High-deductible health plans and Health Saving Accounts into which workers and their employers make tax-deductible deposits result in workers taking more responsibility for their health care.	Workers take more responsibility for their health care when they adopt high-deductible insurance plans and Health Saving Accounts into which they and their employers deposit tax-deductible contributions.
Taxable intangible property includes financial notes and municipal bonds. A one-time tax of 2% on its value applies to this property.	You have to pay tax on your intangible property, including your financial notes and municipal bonds. On this property, you pay a one-time tax of 2%.
