A company is likely to earn the loyalty of its employees when it focuses on hiring the best personnel and then trains them not just for the work they are hired to do but for higher-level jobs.
Although critics panned the show's latest season, loyal fans still loved it.
Although others started earlier, we succeeded because we presented our study more effectively.
Another issue that we must consider is how to calculate credits for classes taken in a community college.
Because the student prepared thoroughly for the exam, she was not surprised by any of the questions in it.
Because we lacked data, we could not evaluate whether the UN had targeted funds to areas that most needed assistance.
Business executives predicted that the economy would quickly revive.
Economists have attempted but failed to define full employment.
First-year should not load up their schedules with requirements for a particular program if they are not certain about the program of studies they want to pursue, because most change their major fields of study at least once during their college careers.
Her admission of guilt impressed me.
Her strenuous objections impressed me.
I accepted her request.
I decided that you should study why he disagreed.
I do not know her intentions.
I suggest that we discuss the issue carefully.
If researchers are to understand what causes psychiatric disorders, they should use research strategies that look for more than one variable rather than assume that a single gene is responsible for a psychopathology or adopt a strategy in which they study only one biological variable.
If we are to compete with other companies in our region, we must develop a core of knowledge about the state of the art in effective industrial organizations.
If we revise the program, we can serve clients more efficiently.
In recent years, historians have interpreted the discovery of America in new ways, leading them to reassess the place of Columbus in Western history.
Lincoln hoped to preserve the Union without war, but when the South attacked Fort Sumter, war became inevitable.
Many blue-collar workers are losing their jobs because corporations are automating their manufacturing, assembly, and shipping processes.
Many voters oppose nuclear power plants because they believe that such plants threaten human health.
Medical professionals usually decide on-scene whether to forcibly medicate patients who are unable to legally consent.
Medieval theologians often debated issues that modern philosophers considered trivial.
Once upon a time, Little Red Riding Hood was walking through woods, when the Wolf jumped out from behind a tree and frightened her.
Several candidates attempted to explain why more voters participated in this year’s elections.
She impressed me when she admitted her guilt.
She requested assistance after the deadline.
Since 1980,  therefore, acid rain has become a serious problem in the Eastern states.
Since some scientists write in a style that is impersonal and abstract, they do not easily communicate with laypeople.
Some educators have speculated about whether families can improve educational achievement.
Some researchers believe that consumers are choosing healthier foods because fast food restaurants are posting nutrition information in their menus.
Some scientists do not easily communicate with laypeople because they write in a style that is impersonal and abstract.
The agency investigated the matter.
The business sector did not independently study why the trade surplus suddenly increased.
The committee intends to audit the records.
The committee intends to improve morale.
The company was able to pursue opportunities in Africa because it understood what drove profitability in the Asian market for small electronics.
The director decided to expand the program.
The engineers struggled more than they expected when designing the new roller coaster.
The EPA feared the president would recommend to Congress that it reduce its budget.
The EPA feared the president would recommend to Congress that it reduce its budget.
The Federalists argued that popular democracy destabilized government, because they believed that factions tended to further their self-interest at the expense of the common good.
The market for electronic books has grown because customers frequently prefer their convenience and portability.
The president was reelected with 54% of the vote.
The staff can prepare adequately, only after the dean decides whether the department will fund the program.
This decision was supported by research demonstrating the soundness of our reasoning and the need for action.
To understand what causes psychiatric disorders, studies should look for more than one variable rather than adopt a strategy in which they test only one biological variable or assume that a single gene is responsible for a psychopathology.
To understand what makes patients vulnerable to psychiatric disorders, strategies that look for more than one variable should be used rather than strategies in which a gene is assumed to cause psychopathology or only one biological variable is studied.
We decided that I should study why they disagreed.
We demand that Congress repeal the inheritance tax.
We discussed the problem.
We discussed the schedule of meetings to review candidates for the board.
We lost sales because they expanded outlets.
We must define the terms of the analysis.
We must develop a core of knowledge about the state of the art in effective industrial organizations if we are to compete with other companies in our region.
We need not study this problem further.
We request that you review the data.
We reviewed how the brain evolved.
We reviewed the evolution of the brain.
We were required to explain the contradictions among the data.
When a company focuses on hiring the best personnel and then trains them not just for the work they are hired to do but for higher-level jobs, it is likely to earn the loyalty of its employees.
When a government intervenes in fast-changing technologies, it distorts how markets evolve and interferes with their ability to develop new products.
When a nominalization replaces a verb with a noun, it often displaces characters from subjects.
When domestic automakers lost market share to the Japanese, hundreds of thousands of jobs disappeared.
When patients appear in a Trauma Center and behave so irrationally that they cannot legally consent to treatment, only the attending physician can decide whether to medicate them.
When the president vetoed the bill, he infuriated Congress.
When the president vetoed the bill, he infuriated Congress.
Workers take more responsibility for their health care when they adopt high-deductible insurance plans and Health Saving Accounts into which they and their employers deposit tax-deductible contributions.
You have to pay tax on your intangible property, including your financial notes and municipal bonds.
